Mapmaker User's Guide (made by tjmurphy@mit.edu)

mapmaker.py contains everything you need to make a Minecraft map template!

Take whatever image you want (needs to be 128x128 pixels!!!) and save it into the same folder as the mapmaker.py file.

At the top of the file are all the settings you should need to mess with. input_filename is the
file name for the image you want to make a map out of. Under that are three settings. I recommend enabling show_image,
to make sure that your image is still recognizable after the map-generating process, and enabling make_schematic,
which will create a file ("output.schematic") which holds the blocks that result from creating your image. Run the file,
and it will print out how the image loaded up in size. It should give you 128x128. 

(Note: The programming is actually made to be flexible, 128x128 isn't hard-coded anywhere. But that's the size of a map
so it's probably what you want. If you wanted to make a bigger wall of tesselated maps, you could likely go 512x256 or
anything else, but no promises. Script has only been tested for 128x128)

Once you have the schematic file, if you want to paste it in the MIT Minecraft world, you'll need to first put it onto the
server. First, rename your schematic file from "output.schematic" to something meaningful. I first tested this with
frog.schematic, so I'll use that.

On your local machine, open a terminal and navigate to the directory holding frog.schematic. 
Then, securely copy the file to the game server by using the following command:

scp -P {PORT_NUMBER} frog.schematic {SERVER ADDRESS}:~/creative/plugins/WorldEdit/schematics/

Port number and server address have been redacted. Ask Billy for these if you need a reminder.
Also, note that this is assuming your SSH key is on the server, that's also something you may need to set up.

After running the scp command above, your schematic file is now on the server! Go into the game, and place your game character
on the farthest northwest corner of the area you want to place the map into. Then, in the in-game console, do the command:

//schem load frog

followed by

//paste

This will invoke WorldEdit to paste your frog (or whatever your schematic is called) into the world. It loads based on filename,
so make sure you're consistent.

That should cover it! Email me or message on Discord or in-game (openatheclose) with any questions :)